Fields: __field.name as field name and __field.displayName as displayName (#26531)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/panels/field-configuration-options.md

Lets you set the display title of all fields. You can use [variables]({{< relref "../variables/templates-and-variables.md" >}}) in the field title.

When multiple stats, fields, or series are shown, this field controls the title in each stat. You can use expressions like `${__field.name}` to use only the series name or the field name in title.

Given a field with a name of Temp, and labels of {"Loc"="PBI", "Sensor"="3"}

> | Expression Syntax            | Example                | Renders to                        | Explanation |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Expression syntax            | Example                | Renders to                        | Explanation |
```

| ---------------------------- | ---------------------- | --------------------------------- | ----------- |

> | `${__field.displayName}`     | Same as syntax         | `Temp {Loc="PBI", Sensor="3"}`    | Displays the field name, and labels in `{}` if they are present. If there is only one label key in the response, then for the label portion, Grafana displays the value of the label without the enclosing braces. |

Author: note:  this should eventually link to whatever is settled on in https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/26656

> | `${__field.displayName}`     | Same as Syntax         | `Temp {Loc="PBI", Sensor="3"}`    | Displays the field's name, and labels in `{}` if they are present. If there is only one label key in the response, for the label portion, only the value of the label will be displayed only without the enclosing braces |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${__field.displayName}`     | Same as syntax         | `Temp {Loc="PBI", Sensor="3"}`    | Displays the field name, and labels in `{}` if they are present. If there is only one label key in the response, then for the label portion, Grafana displays the value of the label without the enclosing braces. |
```

> | `${__field.name}`            | Same as Syntax          | `Temp`                           | Displays the name of the field (without labels) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${__field.name}`            | Same as syntax          | `Temp`                           | Displays the name of the field (without labels). |
```

> | `${__field.labels}`          | Same as Syntax          | `Loc="PBI", Sensor="3"`          | Displays the labels without the name |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${__field.labels}`          | Same as syntax          | `Loc="PBI", Sensor="3"`          | Displays the labels without the name. |
```

> | `${__field.labels.X}`        | `${__field.labels.Loc}` | `PBI`                            | Displays the value of the specified label key |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${__field.labels.X}`        | `${__field.labels.Loc}` | `PBI`                            | Displays the value of the specified label key. |
```

> | `${__field.labels.__values}` | Same as Syntax          | `PBI, 3`                         | Displays the values of the labels separated by a comma (without label keys) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `${__field.labels.__values}` | Same as Syntax          | `PBI, 3`                         | Displays the values of the labels separated by a comma (without label keys). |
```
